
--- Log at 2025-02-06 01:19:08 ---
System Idle Process
  Uptime: 20125 days, 1 hours, 19 minutes, 8 seconds
System
  Uptime: 20125 days, 1 hours, 19 minutes, 8 seconds

  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 49 seconds
Registry
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 49 seconds
smss.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 46 seconds
csrss.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 35 seconds
wininit.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 34 seconds
services.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 33 seconds
LsaIso.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 33 seconds
lsass.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 33 seconds
RuntimeBroker.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 53 seconds
fontdrvhost.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 33 seconds
NVDisplay.Container.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 33 seconds
amdfendrsr.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 33 seconds
atiesrxx.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 33 seconds
lghub_updater.exe
  Uptime: 2 days, 4 hours, 52 minutes, 1 seconds
MemCompression
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 33 seconds
spoolsv.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 32 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 47 seconds
RuntimeBroker.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 47 seconds
wallpaperservice32.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 32 seconds
logi_lamparray_service.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 32 seconds
nvcontainer.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 32 seconds
mc-fw-host.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 32 seconds
audiodg.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 32 seconds
wlanext.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 32 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 47 seconds
WmiPrvSE.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 32 seconds
gamingservicesnet.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 32 seconds
gamingservices.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 32 seconds
sihost.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 57 seconds
backgroundTaskHost.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 19 minutes, 46 seconds
AggregatorHost.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 31 seconds
NgcIso.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 33 minutes, 31 seconds
steam.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 42 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 43 minutes, 26 seconds
servicehost.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 31 minutes, 31 seconds
ShellExperienceHost.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 49 seconds
mc-neo-host.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 21 hours, 38 minutes, 16 seconds
SearchHost.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 57 seconds
steamwebhelper.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 33 seconds
steamwebhelper.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 33 seconds
SearchIndexer.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 31 minutes, 53 seconds
taskhostw.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 56 seconds
wallpaper32.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 56 seconds
SecurityHealthService.exe
  Uptime: 3 days, 22 hours, 31 minutes, 54 seconds
steamwebhelper.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 32 seconds
SteelSeriesPrism.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 43 seconds
LockApp.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 54 seconds
RuntimeBroker.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 46 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 46 seconds
RuntimeBroker.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 49 seconds
dllhost.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 56 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 46 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 57 minutes, 17 seconds
ShellHost.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 57 seconds
unsecapp.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 38 seconds
EpicGamesLauncher.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 41 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 49 minutes, 44 seconds
Widgets.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 39 minutes, 53 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 48 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 52 minutes, 43 seconds
conhost.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 56 seconds
Discord.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 35 seconds
iCUE.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 47 seconds
taskhostw.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 57 seconds
GitHubDesktop.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 3 hours, 57 minutes, 34 seconds
Discord.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 33 seconds
lghub_agent.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 39 seconds
GitHubDesktop.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 3 hours, 57 minutes, 33 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 53 minutes, 10 seconds
conhost.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 56 seconds
RuntimeBroker.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 52 seconds
QmlRenderer.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 56 seconds
WhatsApp.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 54 seconds
Discord.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 35 seconds
steamwebhelper.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 33 seconds
fontdrvhost.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 23 hours, 20 minutes, 16 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 51 minutes, 38 seconds
steamwebhelper.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 32 seconds
RuntimeBroker.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 56 seconds
GitHubDesktop.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 3 hours, 57 minutes, 34 seconds
PhoneExperienceHost.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 47 seconds
NVDisplay.Container.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 23 hours, 20 minutes, 11 seconds
mc-fw-host.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 57 seconds
Discord.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 34 seconds
ctfmon.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 54 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 46 seconds
StartMenuExperienceHost.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 57 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 49 minutes, 44 seconds
Discord.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 35 seconds
RuntimeBroker.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 57 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 48 seconds
steamservice.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 33 seconds
ApplicationFrameHost.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 51 seconds
Discord.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 35 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 52 minutes, 4 seconds
lghub_system_tray.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 39 seconds
SecurityHealthSystray.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 47 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 54 minutes, 13 seconds
SteelSeriesGG.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 45 seconds
EpicWebHelper.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 41 seconds
QmlRenderer.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 56 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 1 hours, 55 minutes, 1 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 48 seconds
SteelSeriesSonar.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 45 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 51 minutes, 28 seconds
winlogon.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 23 hours, 20 minutes, 16 seconds
explorer.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 57 seconds
atieclxx.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 23 hours, 20 minutes, 11 seconds
conhost.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 45 seconds
csrss.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 23 hours, 20 minutes, 16 seconds
uihost.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 58 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 58 minutes, 46 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 51 minutes, 43 seconds
SteelSeriesEngine.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 45 seconds
EpicWebHelper.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 41 seconds
dwm.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 23 hours, 20 minutes, 16 seconds
firefox.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 53 minutes, 28 seconds
nvcontainer.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 23 hours, 20 minutes, 11 seconds
steamwebhelper.exe
  Uptime: 0 days, 4 hours, 59 minutes, 33 seconds

--- Log at 2025-02-06 01:20:18 ---

--- Log at 2025-02-06 01:22:49 ---

--- Log at 2025-02-06 01:26:26 ---

--- Log at 2025-02-06 01:27:40 ---

--- Log at 2025-02-06 01:29:03 ---
